README (#3)
primait/localauth0: README.md

# Localauth0

[![Build Status](https://drone-1.prima.it/api/badges/primait/localauth0/status.svg)](https://drone-1.prima.it/primait/localauth0)

![localauth0](localauth0.png)

> Localauth0 is a project that aim to be a helper while developing authentications inspired by [localstack](https://localstack.cloud/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Localauth0 is a project that aims to be a helper while developing authentications inspired by [localstack](https://localstack.cloud/).
```

Most of the time people tend to mock authentication in order to not be forced to create complex mocks.
With localauth0 you can fake your [auth0](https://auth0.com/) tenant and test it offline for "real".

## Installation

In order to run localauth0 docker image execute the following:

```
docker run -d -p 3000:3000 public.ecr.aws/prima/localauth0:0.1.1
```

Note: The latest version is the same `version` written in the `Cargo.toml` file.

## APIs

### Web page

> After have run localauth0 machine a web interface is available at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After having run the localauth0 machine a web interface is available at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/).
```
